DOC Add some extra details to the changelog about toast notification and DataObject hydration (#9754)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/beta/4.7.0-beta1.md

is by ensuring you update all core modules to the new minor release at once, ideally through a core
recipe like `silverstripe/recipe-core`.

### Improved Toast notifications

Toast notifications have been completely revamped
- toast notification can now be triggered from react components
- actions can now be attached to the toast notifications
- toast notification are now accessible for all users.

Asset-admin has been updated to use toast notifications instead of alerts. More modules will start using them in future releases.

[Review the Toast story in the pattern library](https://silverstripe.github.io/silverstripe-admin/?selectedKind=Admin%2FToasts&selectedStory=Single) to learn how and when to use the toast notifications.

### DataObject constructor support for hydration

> Many developers wrongly assumed that the DataObject constructor could be used to "hydrate" a record by passing an array of value to it. While this worked in somecases, values would be run throught setters and validation occasinally leading to inconsitencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many developers wrongly assumed that the DataObject constructor could be used to "hydrate" a record by passing an array of value to it. While this worked in some cases, values would be run through setters and validation occasionally leading to inconsistencies.
```
